hey guys it's Rosie and in this video I
am making my southern based macaroni and
cheese I have some water that's lightly
salted and I'm going to bring it to a
boil
now I'm going to add in my elbow
macaroni pasta I'll cook it and tell us
all dente then I will drain it and set
my pasta aside for this recipe I will be
using some Monterey Jack cheese along
with some sharp cheddar and I will also
be using a mixture of American and
cheddar if your cheeses are not shredded
make sure you shred them in this mixing
bowl I have 3 eggs and I'm going to beat
them I'm now going to add in my
evaporated milk and I need to add in a
couple cups of half-and-half I will add
in some salt this is regular table salt
I have some white pepper that's finely
ground but you can use ground black
pepper and I'm going to start adding in
some of my cheese's once everything is
in that bowl let's just give it a nice
stir and now we're going to add in our
elbow macaroni pasta at this time let's
grab your kitchen utensil fold all of
those ingredients until everything is
nicely incorporated and now we need to
grab our baked dish I'm going to spray
my baked dish with nonstick spray but
you can butter your dish if you choose
and now I'm going to add in my macaroni
mixture I do have some cheese's left
over and I'm going to sprinkle those
cheese's on top of my macaroni and
cheese and don't forget that you can
come visit me at I heart recipes com if
you want to print out this recipe or any
of my other recipes they are all
available there and now it's time to
bake our mac and cheese we're going to
bake it uncovered on 350 Fahrenheit for
40 minutes when it comes out it will be
nice and bubbly just like this just make
sure you let it sit for about five
minutes before you dig in when it's time
to serve you are going to have some of
the most cream
eeeek cheesy southern baked macaroni and
cheese that you have ever made and have
ever taste and you know what you made it
completely from scratch it was just that
easy I want to thank you all for
watching please don't forget to give
this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed
the video and if you are not subscribed
to my channel please do so because I
would love to keep in touch see you soon